 The air in the arena is foul. It's been recorded for the physically meek to have health complications with long term exposure, even in the upper stands. The entire place is a bowl of stale air, air that's both dry from the sand and damp from the blood. It's rumored that the king likes it that way. Parcy was used to the more conventionally bad smells, but there was something else in the arena, only on the ground floor, that felt like liquid going into his lungs. Currently, he was standing on a standing tip-toed on a bench to get away from the ground. It didn't help much but even if he only thought it helped at least it put his mind at ease. Hell, at an even lower least than that, it was something to do. Parcy hadn't had anything to do since he was brought here by the men in gold.
 Nobody here spoke Parcy's language, and they looked mean. Parcy was a skinny little kid, yet to even know carnal thoughts. He'd spent last night crying over his parents, but as kids are often to do, he repressed it figuring that it must be normal to lose your parents.
 Heavenly instruments played outside of the stone-sand room he stands in. Inside are probably 4 hand's counting worth of people. Most of them look as scrawny as Parcy, if a bit older, while some are his age, and nobody was an adult either. Nobody looked younger than him though. Some of the people looked like they were starving, some looked just fed enough to build some muscle. One of them was an older boy who ate enough food to be fat. Parcy hadn't ever seen someone fat before. The fat boy scared him because of how different his body was from everybody he's ever seen before.
 The gate Parcy and the other boys didn't enter from opened and everybody froze. Some men in gold came in, one with a particularly shiny chest and stomach along with a funny hat stood by and watched as the other men started talking to the boys and gesturing towards the open gate. Some boys started slowly moving their feet, but it must not have been fast enough because the hat man yelled something and the boys started being pushed to move faster. Parcy was stock still, he didn't even realize he was also a part of this crowd. He only ran up to the boys at the front when a man in gold was walking at him from his left.
 Outside of the room was too bright to see anything clearly. Parcy could only closed his eyes and the sun still felt too bright. He tripped shortly outside of the gate and caught himself before he hit the ground. Parcy remained without injury, due to the ground being made up of fine dust, a middle-ground between soft silk and jagged rock. The boy walked on towards the center of the large area with eyes as open as he could get them before it started hurting. He couldn't quite see everything but thanks to the grand scale of it all he had a good idea about the structure he was inside.
 It was a giant bowl bigger than he could've ever imagined anything to be. He was at the bottom in the grouping of other boys, and on the walls of the bowl were some people and a lot of empty space. The music kept playing, not drums or voices or flute, but something that sounded almost like the roar of a small animal, only much louder. The arena was so big that by the time Parcy got to the center and the group was stopped by some men in gold, his eyes adjusted enough to see details. There were other gates all around the walls but between those walls were nothing but the same fine sand he's been walking on. As Parcy solidified the reality of the situation around him, he became terrified. Not terrified of the men in gold or of the other boys, of his thirst or hunger. Parcy was scared for the childish reason of being afraid of the endless sky. Something about the giant construct around him made him feel like he might fall upward any moment. He kneeled down and started fruitlessly digging in the ground to find some comforting leverage but the fat boy he was slightly less scared of now kicked him hard enough to discourage the behavior. Parcy wasn't a big fan of violence, and this remained so. He merely moaned in surrender and stood up, standing a little less tall than before.
