 Meesha carved into the stone by her bed side with a dark and crooked claw in hand as she listened to the uproars and lulls in the audience's cheering. It must be a fairly small one today which would make sense for an initiation battle. 
 For Meesha initiation battles were a happy occasion. The champions were so much easier on her, and less mutated to boot. 
 Rather abruptly, Meesha's door was opened. All the footsteps were barely audible from the sand's muffling affects, but the slight clanking made it apparent that it was a soldier, probably with who she was comforting today.
 She waited until the soldier left to turn back. After she heard the door close she turned over. Meesha often saw to men without arms or noses, almost always bloodied in some way, but never a young man, no, just a kid. She was shocked for the first time in a long while, saddened at the thought that someone so young had to fight in the arena. Meesha got up to help him to the bed, but stopped, scared to disturb him too badly. Upon second inspection the air of the arena wasn't too kind to the boy either, as he's already grown some cute little rabbit ears and bushy tail. The air's in his system so deeply that his arm's already scarred over from whatever vicious treatment it had, and his eye had a wide streak of hairless skin going above and below his eye for about a finger's length. Soft white hair spread throughout his body, getting thinner around his belly and face. Poor boy, his normal human body would never be normal or human again.
 Meesha kneeled down and picked Parcy up by the armpits, which was rather easy as he was skinny and small even to Meesha's stature. She put him up on the bed, a piece of furniture that was eerily high quality in comparison to the rough-cut sandstone room it resided in. After setting the boy down, Meesha almost got in bed herself out of habit, but stopped herself. For as experienced as she was, she hadn't done a lot of stuff outside of the ordinary, and that included children. The situation reminded her of when she was a young woman and was beaten for not fulfilling her duty. With that in mind, it wouldn't hurt to cuddle with the boy. 
 Meesha levered Parcy over a little to get some space for her before getting in herself and pulling the blanket over them. With some hesitation she pushed her body against the back of his, hips to butt and breasts to back, and wiggled her arms ender his to join at hid tummy. Parcy shifted a little in his sleep, probably night terrors from fresh exposure to the gas here. His body was frail and short even compared to Meesha's, with just skin over his ribs & a stomach scarily concave. His starved figure was because of the mutations, but he must've been lithe before them to be this bad. He wouldn't die, but it 
